Q1) What is the autoscaler?
App Autoscaler is a marketplace service that ensures app performance and helps control the cost of running apps.
To balance app performance and cost, Space Developers and Space Managers can use App Autoscaler to do the following:
Configure rules that adjust instance counts based on metrics thresholds such as CPU Usage
Modify the maximum and minimum number of instances for an app, either manually or following a schedule

Q2) How would you use it?
To use App Autoscaler, you must create an instance of the App Autoscaler service and bind it to any app you want to autoscale. You can do this using either the Apps Manager or from the Cloud Foundry Command Line Interface (cf CLI):

Apps Manager:
Create an instance of the service.
Bind the service to an app.
cf CLI:
Create an instance of the service.
Bind the service to an app.


Q3) What can you configure?
http://docs.pivotal.io/pivotalcf/1-10/appsman-services/autoscaler/using-autoscaler.html
App Autoscaler keeps instance counts within an allowable range defined by minimum and maximum values, or instance limits.

Follow these steps to configure the instance limits and set rules for when App Autoscaler scales your app.

In Apps Manager, select an app from the space in which you created the App Autoscaler service and click Services.
Select the App Autoscaler service from the list of services, and then click Manage.
Note: You must specifically have the role of Space Developer to access the Manage link for the app autoscaling service. Space Managers, Space Auditors, and all Org roles do not have the permission to make changes to App Autoscaling
Follow the procedures in the sections below to set any of the following:
Instance Limits
Scaling Rules
Scheduled Limit Changes

How App Autoscaler Determines When to Scale
App Autoscaler scales apps as follows:
Increment by one instance when any metric exceeds the High threshold specified
Decrement by one instance only when all metrics fall below the Low threshold specified

Q4) Do you understand autoscaler schedules?
http://docs.pivotal.io/pivotalcf/1-10/appsman-services/autoscaler/using-autoscaler.html
Because app demand often follows a weekly, daily, or hourly schedule, you can schedule Autoscaler to change the allowable instance range to track expected surges or quiet periods.

Create or Modify a Scheduled Limit Change

Click the clock icon next to Scheduled Limit Changes.
Click + ADD NEW to add a new scheduled limit change or choose an existing entry to modify by clicking the edit icon next to an existing entry.
To delete an existing entry, click the delete icon X next to an existing entry.
Edit the following values:
ate: Month, Day, Year and Time: Set the date and time of the change.
Repeat (optional): Set the day of the week for which you want to repeat the change.
Min and Max: Set the allowable range within which App Autoscaler can change the instance count for an app.
Click SAVE.
